[sqlite] fix kv-store promises not well transfered when using AsyncSt… (#33847)
expo/expo: packages/expo-sqlite/CHANGELOG.md

### 🐛 Bug fixes

- Fixed exceptions when converting empty blob data on iOS. ([#33564](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/33564) by [@kudo](https://github.com/kudo))

> - Fixed kv-store promises not well transfered when using AsyncStorage compatible api ([#33847](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/33847) by [@rtorrente](https://github.com/rtorrente))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed kv-store promises not being returned when using AsyncStorage compatible api ([#33847](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/33847) by [@rtorrente](https://github.com/rtorrente))
```

> - Fixed kv-store promises not well transfered when using AsyncStorage compatible api ([#33847](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/33847) by [@rtorrente](https://github.com/rtorrente))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed `expo-sqlite/kv-store` async API not being well handled and having database locked error occasionally ([#33847](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/33847) by [@rtorrente](https://github.com/rtorrente))
```

if the pr is trying to resolve the database locked error. maybe we could just write it down.
